Add Issue/PR contributing guidelines (#9759)
haskell/cabal: CONTRIBUTING.md

the PR branch cannot or should not be modified. If you have any questions about it,
please ask us.

### Pull Requests & Issues

A pull request *fixes* a problem that is *described* in an issue. Make sure

> to file an issue before opening a pull request, bar fom trivial PRs. In the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to file an issue before opening a pull request, aside from trivial PRs. In the
```
I'd also suggest that such "trivial" PRs explain their rationale, since it's a judgement call.
